c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\VCmail.exe.config
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\VCmail.exe
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\VCmail.pdb
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.g.resources
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.exe
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\VCmail.pdb
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\client_secret.json
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\ViewMessagePane.g.cs
c:\users\crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\ViewMessagePane.baml
C:\Users\Crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\CreateWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\obj\Debug\CreateWindow.baml
C:\Users\Crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\AE.Net.Mail.dll
C:\Users\Crivenco\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VCmail\VCmail\bin\Debug\AE.Net.Mail.pdb
